Add support to use "TryAutoDetect" (#28535)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/identity/azure-identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.13.0b2 (2023-02-07)

### Features Added

- Added `AzureDeveloperCredential` for Azure Developer CLI. ([#27916](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/27916))

> - Added support to use "TryAutoDetect" to enable auto detect.    ([#526](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-python/issues/526))

Reviewer: Perhaps some additional detail (assuming this usage pattern is correct)?
```suggestion
- Added support to use "TryAutoDetect" as the value for `AZURE_REGIONAL_AUTHORITY_NAME` to enable auto detecting the appropriate authority ([#526](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-python/issues/526))
```
